143444      At the count of three
143444      you will eventually fall asleep
143444      One...
143444      two...
143444      three.
143444      Hi.
143444      Dad?
143444      Let's stay like this.
143444      Why--?
143444      Let's just stay like this, please.
143444      Just for a bit.
143444      Let's stay like this.
143444      Wait.
143444      Just for a bit!
143444      Dad?
143444      Can I ask something now?
143444      Go ahead.
143444      What...?
143444      Where...?
143444      When did you die?
Two years ago.
H-How?
Would you believe,
TV.
Tuberculosis?
Stupid, TV.
The TV fell down on me.
For real?
For real.
On my foot.
The wound was so bad.
It was costly going back
and forth to the hospital that's why
I decided to treat
the wound myself,
but it became infected.
I got poisoned.
It was stinky and disgusting.
Can you check if it still smells?
I believe you!
Your feet have always been
stinky and disgusting.
Wow!
As if your feet are pretty.
Thank you.
That's what I inherited from you
and you're making fun of it.
Inherit?
You didn't inherit your feet.
Our feet are entwined,
Just like our souls.
What did he say?
Alright...
Wow...
I'll tell you a story.
Long ago, there were people,
creatures who had two heads,
four arms and four feet.
Hey!
Are you listening?
Yeah! I'm listening.
So those people
were creatures who had two heads
four arms and four feet.
and then...
The gods were fearful of
their power that's why,
they separated them.
They were separated--
Oh my God!
Look at the owl!
It's like a floating fire.
That’s the norm here,
this world defies explanation.
When you look this way,
When you look this way, ma’am, sir,
you’ll find things based on your memories.
Over here, ma’am, sir,
are the things you might have seen before.
And over here, ma'am, sir,
is an example of something
infused with magic.
If you look this way, ma’am, sir,
that bird, that flaming bird.
When that bird runs out of fire,
our time here is up.
So listen to me.
Before our time runs out.
About...
About what happened back then…
You don’t have to explain.
It was a long time ago
and I've forgiven you.
Forgiveness is not important.
What you need to understand is...
why you’re here,
why,
why we’re both here.
The reason why
we
are destined.
Destined?
What are you doing?
Suit yourself.
If you don’t want to cooperate,
I'll just leave.
Wait, I still have a question!
That...
Ah, didn’t you say you refused to go back
to the hospital because it was costly?
Why didn’t you ask Mom for help?
Your mom was sour.
Ah,
like a cotton fruit?
Like a tree cucumber.
What about me?
You could have asked me for help.
I wasn’t sure if...
you had forgiven me.
But--
Dad.
It was a matter of life-and-death!
Okay!
Next time.
Wait, I have another question!
About--
I came here for a reason.
I still remember this.
It's been so long.
When was the last time
I did this for you?
Before Mom took me away from you.
Before she became
as bitter as a bittergourd.
Just like...
Who?
That was a long time ago.
I was just a kid back then.
Why, how old are you now?
What do you think?
36.
Excuse me?
I’m just 32.
36 – 24 – 36.
Boom!
I love this dream!
What about me?
How do you see me?
Hmmm...
You look sturdy...
My hairline is thinning.
Aren’t all the men
in your family like that?
Just like a real dad.
Shit.
This is really wrong.
In this place there are no wrongs.
In this place...
I am not the father you know.
Look at me closely.
How old do you think I look like?
32?
That was how my daddy looked
like when he was 32 and--
I was eight years old.
I was in Grade 3 back then.
"The Owl and the Pussycat"
Bow.
The owl and the pussycat
went to the sea.
In a beautiful pea green boat.
They...
That's all I remember, and--
Oh lovely Pussy,
Oh Pussy my love...
What a beautiful pussy you are.
All the guys I know,
that’s what they only remember, too!
Because ‘what a beautiful
pussy you are’...
No, it’s because...
The owl is a man.
And pussycat is a woman.
Pussycat’s lines are mine.
But owl’s lines are
what I still remember.
Oh, lovely pussy.
Oh pussy, my love.
What a beautiful pussy you are!
You are!
When you were born...
My gut was telling me…
The owl and the pussycat.
Your voice was an angel’s.
Went to the sea.
In a beautiful pea green boat.
Your embrace, a blue sky.
They...
They were quiet.
As I continuously repeated the line,
"The owl and the pussycat."
They were just staring at me.
I'm sorry.
If I could only take
all the pain and hurt, I would.
You let me face the crowd
with mom as my only companion.
But, at that moment...
You were the one I needed.
I understand.
You're all I need, too.
When you were born I knew
there's a different bond between us.
But I ignored that.
I ignored what I felt and--
Worked just like a good father.
Until I realized--
Isn't that wrong, because--
because that's the opposite
of what I really felt.
Let's stay like this.
Just for a bit.
Let's stay like this. Please.
Please.
Let's stay like this--
No!
Please--
I caught up, right?
Yes!
And heaven’s gates suddenly opened!
My knight in shining armor.
While I wanted to pee
in my pussycat costume,
you suddenly appeared
at the far entrance of the auditorium.
The double doors opened at once.
And light came in.
From there,
I immediately recognized you.
You headed straight towards the stage
from the center aisle then...
you set foot on stage,
and you lifted me...
and you took me away
from the laughing crowd.
That's all I can remember.
There's something else I remember.
Didn't we go home and buy ice cream?
There was...there weren't many
flavors to choose from the bakery
at the corner of our village.
That’s why I ended up buying...
Ube.
My favorite!
Favorite?
Vanilla's your favorite.
No! My favorite is ube.
Didn’t you say ube’s for oldies?
Maybe because…
We are old souls.
And then you asked me--
“Dad, when you die many years later,
and I die too, will we meet in heaven?”
“Yes.”
And then?
We will see each other again.
We will live again and see each other.
And then?
I didn’t know this back then.
The problem is we would
have forgotten each other.
Just like...
Back to zero.
Back to zero?
But we’ll always find each other.
How?
This.
The heart does not forget.
The heart...
...remembers.
But when I was 16,
you left.
You forgot about me.
Yes, I left but--
I didn’t forget you.
But you never showed up again.
Do you think it was easy
being away from you?
I tried looking for you but--
Your mother took you to the province,
I dont know where.
I searched for you in the White Pages,
Yellow Pages, Facebook, Google.
But you had so many namesakes.
Did you get married?
No.
And I don’t have a Facebook account.
Boyfriend.
You must have had lots of boyfriends.
I tried but...
My life got messed up when you left.
As for me, I lived alone.
I saw you once in Makati.
Turns out you were working there.
I waited for you everyday, hoping that--
When you passed by,
you’d stop and--
look at me for a second.
You know what...
I always dreamt of you.
My heart always longed for you.
One day, you walked by…
I got scared.
I looked elsewhere.
Looked elsewhere but...
All I saw was you.
Of course,
because...
you got the "eye".
And you're craving!
And you had a...
bulge!
My heart beats heavily...for you.
Boom!
The--
The owl is slowly fading.
You need to know the secret
that everyone should know.
Come!
We need to do this again and again.
Where are we going?
Here!
Be careful.
Here we stand...
...between the world we know and heaven.
This is like a haven for kindred spirits,
soul mates.
Where separated hearts
find their way back to each other.
And now, I've found my other half.
Thank God you're dead!
Thank--
Thank you!
What?
Wait.
This is turning into a nightmare!
You know what, this may have
been my longest journey but...
I'm glad we got to talk.
- I’ll go--
- Sit down.
I need to tell you something.
That’s not necessary because...
I'm going anyway,
I'll wake up in a while.
Dad, I just want to tell you...
You are a beast.
But I've forgiven you.
You cunning imp!
But I love you so much.
No, no.
I'm just at the clinic.
Past life regression,
my psychologist said if I want to wake up
All I have to say...
all I have to say is...
Consummatum...
Est.
Huh?
Oh my god!
Don’t you remember--
Didn't you leave the center,
- then rode a car?
- Consummatum est.
The car started moving
and then you tried to avoid but--
Consummatum es--
There was a bright light.
You heard the breaking of glass.
- You smelled the burning tire and--
- Consummatum est…
And bright light engulfed you!
Consummatum Est!
It can’t be.
Let’s stay here.
Let's stay like this.
Just for a bit.
Let's stay like this, please.
Please.
Let's stay like this.
But this can't be...
I’ve had several sessions here.
I’ve done this so many times.
Tried going deep into myself.
Tried finding answers.
Don’t you recognize me?
You're my father!
Just your father?
Look at me closely!
Do I look like a dad to you?
Yeah! A gross dad!
Come here.
Come with me.
Here…
Here is where you'll find your soul mate.
You know my name.
Tell it to the world!
They will put me to death!
I have never loved and hated someone
so much at the same time!
Say my name!
It is…
Love!
One more time!
Oh my love,
I have waited so many years for your return.
Oh!
My sweet little butterfly.
We are always oceans apart.
But..
How can we ever be together?
But you and I are meant to be.
I have found another.
But you will always be in my heart.
No!
One more time!
My father will not
give his blessing to us
with all the suffering your
family has brought upon our house.
The suffering will never
end until you are mine.
My father would rather see me
dead than have me in your arms.
Then so be it.
One more time!
Jack!
Rose.
It’s freezing!
Promise me you’ll never let go.
I promise.
Come back.
Shit!
That was you all this time.
No.
That was us.
All of that was us.
I was just like you
when I first arrived here.
My knees got weak.
Our bodies, no matter how
much we repeat it
nothing can ever prepare us
for our death, our new journey.
To be separated from your parents,
spouse, children...
Nothing could be harder than
losing everyone all at the same time.
It’s like a huge blanket of darkness...
Engulfing you.
Until…
the world lights up.
Everything lights up.
You...
and me.
Hi.
Do you see it now?
I can finally see you.
You're the reason why
I didn’t look for someone else.
Sometimes I thought you were the one.
The world could be upside down,
but I’d still look for you.
So many men have come to my life.
Even when I look into their eyes,
all I see are hollow cardboards.
I've lived and died lots of times,
took chances on other people,
hoping to find happiness but...
You're the one I need.
What’s important is you’re here.
We can plan it again.
Our next life.
If we can plan our next life...
Why couldn’t we be together in our past life?
We couldn’t?
Yes.
Father and daughter turned lovers.
If that was planned...
why did our past life get all messed up?
I don’t know.
It can be planned,
but it can be forgotten.
The universe will find ways
so that our paths stay on track.
But we went off the track.
Listen to yourself.
We're going to plan it
But we're going to forget about it.
That’s absurd!
That bite on your lip
is going to throb on our first meeting.
It will be easier
for you to recognize me.
If you want, you can also bite my lip!
What if…
we meet…
we know each other but...
we break up for some reason.
Like an earthquake?
Or a flood?
Or a traffic jam?
We’re going to fight
because of terrible traffic.
And in the end...
we’ll break up.
You know--
I can see clearly now.
It’s becoming clearer.
Fate is so tough.
Fate isn't tough.
It's making sure you meet
your match in your lifetime.
You meet your match but--
But you find out that you’re incompatible.
If my--
If my soul mate is my best friend...
That’ll be awkward.
Or…
What if you're a man...
and I am too?
Or…
What if I were a woman...
but you turn out to be gay?
Or what if I'm ugly?
and you turn out to be uglier?
What if I'm a cockroach
and you're a slipper?
Isn’t that what makes love
fun and thrilling?
Both a game and... a challenge?
Whatever challenge comes our way
we'll overcome it.
But it’ll be difficult.
Difficult,
but fulfilling.
For example,
When we meet again…
“Hi.”
Our hearts are overflowing with joy
because we’re whole again.
Four feet.
Four arms, two heads.
Boom!
But
what if...
we don’t meet in our next life?
We will.
What if we don’t?
We'll live again and again.
Nonstop?
Just like you.
Over and over and over.
Just remember...
The heart always knows.
The heart...
always knows.
The heart always knows.
♫♪ The heart always knows. ♫♪
♫♪ My heart is tired. ♫♪
♫♪ My heart is--
What?
My heart is...tired.
What’s going to happen to you now?
I will live...
alone.
I don't think I can continue
searching for you...
only to lose you for the nth time.
What’s going to happen..
To us?
To me?
You’re so unfair.
Just like that?
You’re going to destroy
this entire soul mate system?
It’s not always difficult!
Sometimes we meet effortlessly.
Sometimes we’re together for a long time.
Isn't it enough that...
Those moments when you're with your other half?
Marching along with hands entwined.
Until you're both old.
Falling asleep together
while watching the sunset.
Wearing each other’s dentures by mistake.
Who wouldn’t be captivated by those moments?
Anyone would be willing
to give up her life for a moment…
Or even--
Even for a momentary promise of pure love?
But you're a fool!
A fool is someone who refuses
to accept the call of fate.
What if...
What if in the search for that love...
You hurt a lot of people?
That’s their problem!
They're following their own fate.
That's what you're going to say to mom?
You convinced her you were
her other half when you weren't.
When I first met your mother,
I knew there was
something unique about her.
I courted her for a long time.
She made me think that
I was hers and she was mine!
But you were just emerging through her eyes.
Until we got married and you were born.
That was when I saw the light.
It’s not my fault that we
were meant to be together.
Then who...
Whose fault is it?
In love, no one's at fault!
We just need to take a risk!
I have nothing left to risk!
I’ll lend you mine!
I have more than enough love
for both of us!
It’s no one’s fault.
When something happened
when I was 16...
It was no one’s fault?
And most of all, we both hurt mom.
She was a flower that slowly withered.
I saw how her life was destroyed.
Because of our love.
And you're saying...
It was no one’s fault?
Hey!
Whoever you are,
whoever is in control, it’s your--
It's your fault!
Please give us more time.
My whole life, I pledged to be with you.
They can make me a soldier.
You are the land I cannot abandon.
Come here.
You cannot escape from me.
We'll keep going
until fate is finally on our side.
All we have to do is hold on.
Tightly.
With all our might.
Soul mate…
I can’t bear to hurt someone else again.
Sorry--
Sorry, I can't.
Sorry, I'm tired.
Sorry.
You have no choice!
I’m going to follow you wherever you go.
You can’t escape from me.
I’ll follow you wherever you go.
And if our paths don’t cross...
I will not hesitate..
To take your life.
You’re going to kill me?
Over and over
until everything is right again.
I love you.
I love you very much.
Say it...
Say you love me, too.
Say it.
Thank you.
You.
You’ve been looking for
your soul mate for sometime right?
A new dawn.
A new birth.
Come.
Let’s begin our chase once again.